1)	What is Android?
Android is a software package and linux based operating system for mobile devices such as tablet computers and smartphones.
2)	What is the Google Android SDK?
The Android SDK is a software development kit that includes a comprehensive set of development tools.
3)	What is the Android Architecture?
Android architecture supports android device needs that includes a Linux kernel, an application framework, libraries, a runtime environment, and a set of applications.
4)	 Describe the Android Framework.
An Android application framework is a software toolkit that enables app developers to piece together a finished product that meets the requirements of its proprietor
5)	What is AAPT?
The Android Asset Packaging Tool (aapt) takes your application resource files, such as the AndroidManifest.xml file and the XML files for your Activities, and compiles them.
6)	What is the importance of having an emulator within the Android environment?
The Android Emulator simulates Android devices on your computer so that you can test your application on a variety of devices and Android API levels without needing to have each physical device.
7)	What is the use of an activityCreator?
Activity creator is the first step towards the creation of new Android project
8)	Describe Activities.
An activity in Android is a specific combination of XML files and JAVA files.
9)	What are Intents?
An intent lets you start an activity in another app by describing an action you'd like to perform
10)	Differentiate Activities from Services.
Services are a unique component in Android that allows an application to run in the background to execute long-running operation activities, on the other hand, an activity, like a window or a frame in Java, represents a single screen with a user interface.
11)	What items are important in every Android project?
AndroidManifest.xml
build.xml
bin/
src/
res/
assets/
12)	What is the importance of XML-based layouts?
Using XML files also makes it easy to provide different layouts for different screen sizes and orientations 
13)	What are containers?
A container is a view used to contain other views.
14)	What is Orientation?
Screen Orientation, also known as screen rotation, is the attribute of activity element in android.
15)	What is the importance of Android in the mobile market?
Developers can write and register apps that will specifically run under the Android environment.
16)	What do you think are some disadvantages of Android?
Hardware Quality is Mixed. ...
You Need a Google Account. ...
Updates Are Patchy. ...
Many Ads in Apps. ...
They Have Bloatware.

17)	What is adb?
Android Debug Bridge
18)	What are the four essential states of an activity?
Active , Paused , Stopped and Destroyed 
19)	What is ANR?
Application Not Responding,” is a type of error that occurs when an Android app is unresponsive for a prolonged period of time.
20)	Which elements can occur only once and must be present?
Among the different elements, the “and” elements must be present and can occur only once. The rest are optional, which can occur as many times as needed.
21)	How are escape characters used as attribute?
The smart tag syntax supports escape characters for the double quotation mark ("), backslash (\), and comma (,) characters only.
22)	What is the importance of settings permissions in app development?
Permission allows certain restrictions to be imposed primarily to protect data and code
23)	What is the function of an intent filter?
An intent filter declares the capabilities of its parent component: what an activity or service can do and what types of broadcasts a receiver can handle. 
24)	Enumerate the three key loops when monitoring an activity
Entire lifetime ? activity happens between onCreate and onDestroy.
Visible lifetime ? activity happens between onStart and onStop.
Foreground lifetime ? activity happens between onResume and onPause.

25)	When is the onStop() method invoked?
when an activity is no longer visible to the user






